well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
the spirit of the United States the
promises what it was supposed to be what
the idea is and its idea that we still
pretend that we hold to we still think
we're that country we still believe our
own advertising to the world or not that
we haven't been that for a very long
time and this administration is making
it worse and worse today probably by the
time you watch this the President of the
United States will have been acquitted
he will be been acquitted of crimes that
many who voted not guilty say that they
know he did but they voted not guilty
out of partisanship they chose party
over conscience party over the spirit of
the United States party over country
their names will forever be linked to
him but beyond that they're responsible
for him everything that he's done and
everything that he will do is on their
hands they did it they enabled him
it's fitting that while our senators
violate the spirit of the United States
violate their oaths
that the report from Human Rights
Watch's come out one of the ideas of the
United States was that we would take the
huddled masses those yearning to breathe
free human rights watch tracked what
happened to those sent back to El
Salvador those people who were here and
stated they had a credible fear if they
were returned home and those who today
voted not guilty many of them said they
were trying to gain the system
and using a loophole a hundred of them
are dead
those deaths are on the hands of those
in the Senate those that will come after
are on the hands of those in the Senate
who enabled this today and there are
much worse things than death sometimes
they're detailed in the report I'm not
going to detail it here that's one
country one small country where they can
actually find the people or what's left
of them
the United States is in a lot of ways
losing the plot Trump out yeah that's a
goal but it's a short-term goal that's
not the actual problem the problem is
not one guy it's a system that enables
as the Democratic establishment tries to
force candidates that are centrist that
are mainstream that don't actually want
change substantial change the kind of
change that will save lives and they try
to force those candidates on to the
American people they're losing the plot
and they're losing the war because this
is a war it is a war for the very soul
of this country there's not much left if
we let this go if this continues we're
just going to turn into any other
oligarchy the advertising is false we
are not the land of the free or the home
of the brave because we deny freedom out
of cowardice we're not holding up to
that anymore
if the Democratic Party does not run a
candidate who is about substantial
change real change and altering the
system they will lose and will get four
more years of Trump but it doesn't
really matter because if the DNC just
wants to run a candidate who is Trump
Lite and puts a kinder gentler face on
the behavior doesn't matter anyway the
idea vote blue no matter who yeah it
sounds good to get rid of Trump but if
these policies are gonna remain in fact
in effect why does it matter why does it
matter
we are literally sending people back to
their deaths and the Senate members of
the Senate why no I believe they prove
their case but I'm gonna vote not guilty
anyway because of your election you
understand that if those in the
Republican Party had shown some backbone
and said yes this was wrong a chorus of
senators could have drowned out any cult
of personality but they chose not to
they chose to enable this and allow it
to go on one country people are dying
and understand the reason I'm saying
this about the Democratic Party running
a kinder gentler more eloquent version
of Trump if the policy these are the
same it doesn't matter some of these
people were sent home sent to their
deaths under Obama
we need real change not just to change a
personality and if we don't get it we're
gonna lose this country we're gonna lose
all the ideals that it represents
everything that you're promised
everything you believe in those chills
that you get when you hear the national
anthem and look at the flag it's gonna
be more than worthless it's just gonna
be an act completely performative
meaning nothing as people literally die
clawing trying to get to the land of the
free in the home of the brave no we're
too scared to let you in anyway it's
just a thought
you'll have a good night